Participant 1 UI 1 Enter your hours: Job field should be a drop-down
Autocomplete of past inputs should not appear Calendar is hard to use
Reset to the current week every week

Shift goes past midnight:

Add another shift on the same day: A plus symbol that would signify the
ability to add a new shift on the same day

UI 2 Enter a shift: Feels like the current system Having everything
appear disorganized is difficult for dyslexic people Add option to write
in date and time

UI 3 Time has drop down for am/pm Or use military time 24 hours Button
to look back at old submissions Add a submit button

Participant 2 Previous jobs Days of week, hours and job Autofills

UI 1 Enter a shift: Too confusing. On the old one, I can just change the
date and time Don't know what "shift ends next day" checkbox means

Shift ends next day: I'd enter times, then select "shift ends next day"

Add a shift on same day: I would fill out the times then click "add time
on same day"

Save shift preset: Click "Save time preset"

UI 2 Enter a shift: Select date, select time, submit "Basically the same
as it is now" "This one is easier"

"Neither UI 1 or 2 makes it easy to edit past shift entries" UI 3 Enter
a shift: Click date, type in the time "I don't know if hours would show
up" "I would select my job"

Shift ends next day: "I'd select a date, enter the times, and hopefully
the system would rightly know that the shift ends the next day

Enter times: "Drop-down would be nice" Participant 3: UI 1 Enter a
shift: "Confused by 'shift ends next day' checkboxes"

Shift ends next day: "Date entry is confusing" "The layout is confusing
for this task"

Add shift on same day: "Hit 'add time on same day' and enter new shift"
"There are just way too many places to enter data" Participant prefers
to just select dates and times "Too much processing before adding a new
shift on the same day"

UI 2 Enter a shift: Select a start date, select time, end date, end time
"Why would you have separate fields for the date and the time" "Having
just two boxes is nice, but on this I feel like I have four things to
do."

UI 3 Enter a shift: Seems that the participant thought it was fairly
straightforward "I think this is better because there's just a start
time and an end time." Suggested moving the "hours worked" box so the
user does not think they also have to fill that out. "Maybe swap 'hours
worked' and jobs selection"
